ok, lets roll, so anywhere there is an option to add an image please remove the image url link and replace it with uploading from device please. also, in the motion studio, please make it so that you can transom images like after effect, so you should be able to manually place images where you want them and transform.frame duration in motion designer shouldd be in seconds, not milliseconds. I can’t interact with the timeline in the motion studio. I should be able to scrub and everything like aftereffects. Layering system like after effects. Layering in the comic editor , moving elements to different layers dent actually work. I don’t think adding effects to frames actually works in the motion studio. Adding keyframes should be more simplistic, maybe we add a right click menu for options like this. Working with the timeline in the motion studio is complicated and kinda clunky, let’s sexily this experience. Save doesn’t work in the motion studio, apply donsnt seem to work either the menu comes up but it always says no panel selected. After selecting draw in a panel, it should take you to the motion studio, we can get rid of the little draw window and have it take you to the motion studio instead. When adding bubbles from the right click menu on the comic editor, the images are broken. In comic mode, double clicking on the canvas should put you in panel mode. Images come in cropped if you use templates in comic editor. Applying a template works, but if you choose another, it will stack on top of the last one and not replace the previously selected template. Locking the panels doesn’t work. Hitting the trashcan button on a panel doesn’t delete  it. I definitely  want to create asset packs for people to download and use for free and ones that they can purchase, so lets make that loop complete for me to be able to upload and people can buy and use, a content library( asset library	 we have now takes you to the asset builder, lets make that open the asset folder when you have different sections for the different modes and also cheater, background and so on and also a section for Reallusion imports. I think move and select do the same thing . If I am working on a comic and I go to another mode, my comic will clear. If the bubble menu is out and I try to edit a panel, the bubble menu prevents me, clicking away from the bubble menu should close it. If I push the zooming button once I can’t access the top menu anymore to zoom back out. If I am in a panel, and I right click and hit draw, it should take me that mode( in this case the motion studio ) adding effects and text bubbles from the right click menu images are broken. Maybe the import center can be the asset library. Panel movement is geeky, not smooth, it has a delay. Card builder should have the option to add images to each individual card and edit info on each card in the pack. Lets give a move customizable fee to the cards lets add some styles that allow multiple images and graphs and things maybe those can be add ons people can buy for their cards? This app should fully integrate with the mobile app. So sending cards from =the desktop to mobile should be seamless. more customization in th CYOA and graphic novel. Make the options to import from story forge and prompt factory work for CYOA and visual novel. Adding sound import for comic builder, motion studio, visual novel, and CYOA. In collaborate, you can’t generate a link. Clicking Publish and you click discover channel, it should take you to the comic reader library( not built yet. This I where users will see th library of comics , visual novels and CYOA titles. Please close CRUD loops on all modes and sections please. for the user, I think we have one but lets make it good and able to use/access.If I add a caption block to a panel and I have draw selected, it will take me to draw mode if I try to edit text, lets make the tools smart and take you to the correct option.  in any mode  just like the comic creator portion of the app. everything should be cohesive please. I want the workflow to feel like after effects. I would alos like for the canvas on the in the motion studio to be white please. 